Query-Intro (#848)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/subgraphs/explorer.mdx

title: Graph Explorer
---

Unlock the world of subgraphs and network data with [Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer).

## Overview

Graph Explorer consists of multiple parts where you can interact with [subgraphs](https://thegraph.com/explorer?chain=arbitrum-one), [delegate](https://thegraph.com/explorer/delegate?chain=arbitrum-one), engage [participants](https://thegraph.com/explorer/participants?chain=arbitrum-one), view [network information](https://thegraph.com/explorer/network?chain=arbitrum-one), and access your user profile.

## Inside Explorer

> The following is a breakdown of all the key features of [Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer). For additional support, you can watch the [Graph Explorer video guide](/subgraphs/explorer/#video-guide).

Reviewer: I wonder if it's too much to make "Graph Explorer" a link again here:
```suggestion
The following is a breakdown of all the key features of Graph Explorer. For additional support, you can watch the [Graph Explorer video guide](/subgraphs/explorer/#video-guide).
```

> ### Subgraphs Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Subgraphs Page
```

> After deploying and publishing your subgraph in Subgraph Studio, click the "[subgraphs](https://thegraph.com/explorer?chain=arbitrum-one)" tab at the top of the navigation bar in [Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer) to access the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying and publishing your subgraph in Subgraph Studio, go to [Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer) and click on the "[Subgraphs](https://thegraph.com/explorer?chain=arbitrum-one)" link in the navigation bar to access the following:
```

![Explorer Image 3](/img/Explorer-Signal-Unsignal.png)

> ### Delegate Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delegate Page
```

> Under the [delegate tab](https://thegraph.com/explorer/delegate?chain=arbitrum-one), you can find information about delegating, acquiring GRT, and choosing an Indexer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the [Delegate page](https://thegraph.com/explorer/delegate?chain=arbitrum-one), you can find information about delegating, acquiring GRT, and choosing an Indexer.
```

On this page, you can see the following:

- Top Indexers by most query fees
- Indexers with the highest estimated APR

Additionally, you can calculate your ROI and search for top Indexers by name, address, or subgraph.

> ### Participants Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Participants Page
```

#### 3. Delegators

Delegators play a key role in maintaining the security and decentralization of The Graph Network. They participate in the network by delegating (i.e., “staking”) GRT tokens to one or multiple indexers.

- Without Delegators, Indexers are less likely to earn significant rewards and fees. Therefore, Indexers attract Delegators by offering them a portion of their indexing rewards and query fees.
- Delegators select Indexers based on a number of different variables, such as past performance, indexing reward rates, and query fee cuts.
- Reputation within the community can also play a factor in the selection process. It's recommended to connect with the selected Indexers via [The Graph's Discord](https://discord.gg/graphprotocol) or [The Graph Forum](https://forum.thegraph.com/).

![Explorer Image 7](/img/Delegation-Overview.png)

In the Delegators table you can see the active Delegators in the community and important metrics:

- The number of Indexers a Delegator is delegating towards

> - A Delegator's original delegation

Reviewer: You prefer FAKE APOSTROPHES!? 😱

Author: No, not at all. It's just a minor oversight lol (not sure I edited this part either)

Reviewer: I'm kidding though, I stopped caring about this a while ago. I think the docs have more `'`s than `’`s.

Author: @benface yeah, I find a blend of both 😅

- The rewards they have accumulated but have not withdrawn from the protocol
- The realized rewards they withdrew from the protocol
- Total amount of GRT they have currently in the protocol
- The date they last delegated

If you want to learn more about how to become a Delegator, check out the [official documentation](/resources/roles/delegating/) or [The Graph Academy](https://docs.thegraph.academy/official-docs/delegator/choosing-indexers).

> ### Network Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Network Page
```

> In this section, you can see global KPIs and view the ability to switch to a per-epoch basis and analyze network metrics in more detail. These details will give you a sense of how the network is performing over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page, you can see global KPIs and view the ability to switch to a per-epoch basis and analyze network metrics in more detail. These details will give you a sense of how the network is performing over time.
```

> On this page, you can see global KPIs and view the ability to switch to a per-epoch basis and analyze network metrics in more detail. These details will give you a sense of how the network is performing over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page, you can see global KPIs and have the ability to switch to a per-epoch basis and analyze network metrics in more detail. These details will give you a sense of how the network is performing over time.
```
